Add technical test instructions (#1)
oodlefinance/front-end-technical-test: README.md

![Great job](https://media.giphy.com/media/xHMIDAy1qkzNS/giphy.gif)

> You have **2 hours** to complete the challenge. If you run out of time before you complete the task to your own satisfaction, just *stay calm and push your code*. We are mostly interested in how you approach the problem and what your priorities were during the time.

Author: ```suggestion
You have **2 hours** to complete the challenge. If you run out of time before you complete the task to your own satisfaction, just *stay calm and push your code*. We are mostly interested in how you approach the problem and what your priorities are during the time.
```

## Instructions

### The project

Here is an endpoint that returns a list of beers: https://api.punkapi.com/v2/beers.

> We want you to fetch data from that API and display it in an organized way using [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).

Author: ```suggestion
We want you to fetch data asynchronously from that API and display it in an organized way using [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).
```

![Great job](https://media.giphy.com/media/xHMIDAy1qkzNS/giphy.gif)

> Please follow the instructions below for **no more than 2 hours**. If you don't finish to your satisfaction in that time, don't freak out. We want to see how you approach problems and what you get done in that time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You got up to 2 hours to complete the challenge. If you run out of time before you complete the task to your own satisfaction, **STAY CALM & PUSH YOUR CODE!!!**. We are mostly interested in how you approached the problem and what were your priorities during the time.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You have **2 hours** to complete the challenge. If you run out of time before you complete the task to your own satisfaction, just *stay calm and push your code*. We are mostly interested in how you approach the problem and what your priorities were during the time.
```

## Instructions

### The project

> Here is an endpoint that returns a list of beers: https://api.punkapi.com/v2/beers.

Reviewer: I'd really prefer cars and dealers :)

Reviewer 2: Does it matter what we ask them to list? It's more important that we see how they fetch the data, whether it's semantically marked up, etc.

We want you to fetch data from that API and display it in an organized way using [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).

> You can display the data in any way that makes sense to you: a list, a table, even a graph if that's your style! (Note to grad/junior devs: a graph is likely much more difficult and time-consuming than a list or a table.)

Reviewer: Would it be a bad idea to have Gherkin feature definitions of several features that the candidate can choose from?

Author: @dance-cmdr I had never heard of Gherkin before. Just looked it up, and my feeling is we should not put that in here. Without context, to someone who has never seen it before, it just looks weird and confusing. Also, probably overly specific

> ### What do we care about?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What are we looking for?
```

> - your knowledge of React and CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Good React knowledge
- CSS Competency
```

> - your ability to follow the brief

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - your ability to fetch and handle data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fetching and Handling Data Asynchronously
```

I've seen a candidate once that stored the response in an object and worked with that instead.

### More specifics

> - you may use any 3rd-party libraries you wish but you must write at least some custom styles to demonstrate your knowledge of CSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We want to see your style. You may use any 3rd-party libraries you wish, but we want you to demonstrate your CSS Skills,
```

> - don't worry about supporting IE11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IE11 support is out of the window! Just ignore it!
```

> - if you make a list or table, it doesn't need to be sortable or filterable (but feel free to make it so if you like)

Reviewer: You mention sorting and filtering at the "extra mile" bellow; it's not necessary to mention it again here.
```suggestion
```

> - you don't have to deploy your result but can if you wish. Either way we'll pull down the code and run it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JUST PUSH IT!!!!!  No need to deploy your code, but you can if you wish to.
```

Author: Really not keen on the ALL CAPS thing you have going on in your suggestions. Happy for it to sound casual, but ALL CAPS JUST SEEM IMMATURE/UNPROFESSIONAL to me.

## Instructions

### The project

> Here is an endpoint that returns a list of beers: https://api.punkapi.com/v2/beers.

Reviewer 2: Didn't know this existed - love it.

We want you to fetch data from that API and display it in an organized way using [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html).

You can display the data in any way that makes sense to you: a list, a table, even a graph if that's your style! (Note to grad/junior devs: a graph is likely much more difficult and time-consuming than a list or a table.)

### What do we care about?
- your knowledge of React and CSS
- your ability to follow the brief
- your ability to fetch and handle data

### More specifics
- you may use any 3rd-party libraries you wish but you must write at least some custom styles to demonstrate your knowledge of CSS
- don't worry about supporting IE11
- if you make a list or table, it doesn't need to be sortable or filterable (but feel free to make it so if you like)

> - don't deploy your result. Just push it to a repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- you don't have to deploy your result but can if you wish
```
Would be good to see if any mid/senior level candidates do this and where given we do handle our own deployment pipelines.

Author: What's to gain? If they don't know what they're doing they could waste lots of time on it, if they do know to just stick it Vercel or Netlify it'll only take a couple of minutes and won't really tell us anything about them as a candidate.

I guess it wouldn't do any harm 🤷

Reviewer: I'd love to see it deployed with git actions, though, if the candidate is experienced enough.

Reviewer 2: It's indicative of a thought process/way of working. If they spend 75% of their time on an optional deployment and don't complete the requirements there may be a good chance they'll do the same when given actual work.

If they do deploy instead of adding a feature as a stretch then it's an easy question on why they did that.
